Beacon Infirmary: D0
“I’m fine guys, seriously. Aura shielded me!” Ruby said nervously, visibly flinching under worried glances. Well, she tried to flinch, which was not an easy task considering the numerous bandages on her chest and the cast on her leg. Her teammates stood near her bed with grim faces. Honestly, she felt terrible and wanted to sleep, but her teammates mattered so much more to her right now.
“Ruby, your Aura shattered from that hit. Paladin stomped on you! You blacked out and we were worried that you may die! That’s definitely not ‘fine’!” Weiss was upset. Really upset. Yet, she was relieved that her worst anticipations didn’t come true so she was balancing between two states – “Concerned mother hen” and “furious heiress”. 
 The girl in red smiled apologetically
“Well, at least you’re all right, guys. And we stopped the White Fang, so… yay?!” She tried to improve the team’s mood but clearly failed to do so. Weiss wasn’t pleased, Blake looked devastated and Yang… 
Ruby vaguely remembered that episode almost eight years ago, when Yang dragged her into the forest, hoping to find at least some clues about Raven’s whereabouts. They barely survived that day, but she remembered how worried and scared Yang was then. Now she saw that expression again. 
“Yang… look. It’s all right. I’ll be fine in a few weeks. I’ll even manage to go to the dance!” Ruby forcefully smiled. “Don’t worry. You know - what doesn’t kill us, it makes us stronger. And I definitely will be!”
Yang took Ruby’s arm
“I know Ruby. It’s just… just like that day. I failed to protect my baby sister… again. Everyone’s scared and…”
Her sister looked like she was on the verge of tears. Ruby tightened her grip on Yang’s arm.
“It’s different Yang. I’m an adult, Huntress-in-Training. Your leader. It was my decision to engage Torchwick. I had my Aura and my weapon with me. It’s just my clumsiness and misfortune. If you need to blame someone – blame me. It’s not your fault,” Ruby said with a comforting voice, gaining an approving nod from Weiss
Yang sniffed. 
“You really grew up, Ruby. Mom would be proud.”
Then Weiss’ scroll started beeping. The heiress immediately unlocked the screen and started reading. It took a couple of minutes, while her face slowly changed color from her usual pale to unusual pink. When she finished, she raised her eyes and laughed.
“What happened, Weiss?” Blake asked interested.
“You know, I remember that time when you wondered – how it feels to be famous. Does it ring any bells?”
Ruby nodded. It happened two days before their trip to Forever Fall. Usual night-talk before going to bed. One of many team activities that she managed to think of to know her team better.
Weiss continued. “Well, then I must congratulate you. You made it on Vale-TV. I just got the script for tomorrow’s news”
“Is it supposed to be good or bad news?” Blake sounded nervous.
“It depends. Reporters have a live feed of our fight with Paladin, but Beacon denied them any further information. However, some people have signature moves. Like wielding scythe-sniper rifle and dissolving into a burst of rose petals.”
Suddenly both Ruby and Yang became very, very pale. 
“Weiss, please say that this will only be in morning news” pleaded Yang.
“I’m afraid that after we trashed highway fighting with cutting-edge Atlesian mech piloted by notorious criminal mastermind and lost it is virtually impossible.”
  Yang cursed clenching her fists. Ruby paled even further. It was very unusual for both of them. Weiss wondered what exactly caused this reaction. Yes, they made into the news. Yes, they’re on their way to receive a whole bunch of detentions for breaking public property and rogue activities against White Fang. Winter will be pissed and probably would scold her for irresponsibility until the end of times. Father also might read her a lecture about maintaining Schnee reputation. 
   But heiress had no idea what can happen to scare both Yang and Ruby to this extent. Their family doesn’t seem as strict and over concerned about public image.
 “Yang… Dad will…” Ruby almost whispered.
 “Yeah, he will” Yang answered quietly. Her face was darkened.
“What about your dad?” asked Blake concerning.
  Both girls were quiet for a few minutes before Yang started.
“Our father… he is a kind man. Loving, caring, always ready to listen about every little problem we have. He loves gardening and experimenting in the kitchen. He is a damn good teacher, always trying to do his best to make next generation better than previous one.” – Xiao Long stared into the opposite wall with blank expression. “However, this is the man he became after our birth. Back then he was… not a pleasant person.”
“He broke man’s arm for accidentally pushing me when I was five” added Ruby grimly.
“You mean your dad was somewhat a thug and now is an overprotective bunch?”
 “You could say that”
**  **  **
Sixteen hours later. Patch.
He was beyond furious. Fury meant that he was quick to cool down and think rationally. Yes, he could break some bones and crush some skulls while in rage, but he learned to control those urges. Now he was so much more than furious.
  His daughters. His precious girls, his most valuable treasure and possession. Those people that forced him to step down and cool his temper. They changed him for better. Made him a man he always dreamed to be. But seeing the video of his daughters fighting in Vale, seeing his darling rose being stomped by an Atlesian Paladin made him cold.
  He knew Ruby’s Aura capacity so it was obvious to him that his daughter was hurt. But to what extent – he didn’t know. 
  And his Scroll was silent. 
However, cat was out of the bag and He knew it. Five minutes later after news report Scroll buzzed. He did not need to look at the display to tell who the caller was.
  “What happened to Ruby?”
 “She is fine, Taiyang.”
“Do not attempt to lie to me, Oz. I knew her Aura. Even I would struggle against that hit. She? So, Oz, tell me, what happened with my daughter before I come in person.”
“Broken ribs, compound leg fracture and concussion. Nothing too severe.” – Glass that Taiyang held in his hand shattered, but his Aura flared in violent red so he wasn’t hurt.
“We had a deal, Oz. A simple one. I held my side of the bargain. What did you do to held yours?”
“I cannot guard them from everything, Taiyang. Especially from their selves. Even if I could stop them, it would ruin the lesson.”
“You call that a lesson, Ozpin?”  He roared “Fighting against Atlesian Paladin armed with AH-weaponry AND an assassin being only in their first year?”
“I am sorry, Taiyang. But you must understand me. After Amber my hands are tied. Me and Glynda are watched, we cannot give them idea that they can lure us out by attacking our students. It’s for their own safety.”
  Xiao Long angrily exhaled. 
“So, you’re bound to Beacon and powerless to directly do anything in Vale”
“Yes, at least until Qrow or James arrives”
“Well, Oz. You are lucky that I understand significance of your deeds. At least I won’t maim you when we would meet. I will deal with this so-called ‘Master Thief’ and his pet assassin and whatever mobs they have by myself.”
“You don’t need to…” – But he already ended the call, leaving Ozpin with his ramblings. He never hated that man for his attempts to manipulate him and his teammates. He never blamed him for Summer’s death. But he absolutely loathed his passiveness and inability to make radical decisions when it comes to people who deserves death.
   He sat on his chair staring into the void for half an hour before writing a resignation letter to Signal Director. After doing so, he went to the basement.
  It was time to dig out some remnants of misspent youth. 


  

